Follow up for #3895 -  returning 422 (instead of 500) when query hits `max_chunks_per_query` limit with block storage (#3937)
cortexproject/cortex: CHANGELOG.md

  * `cortex_ruler_clients`
  * `cortex_ruler_client_request_duration_seconds`
* [ENHANCEMENT] Query-frontend/scheduler: added querier forget delay (`-query-frontend.querier-forget-delay` and `-query-scheduler.querier-forget-delay`) to mitigate the blast radius in the event queriers crash because of a repeatedly sent "query of death" when shuffle-sharding is enabled. #3901

> * [BUGFIX] Querier: Follow up for #3895 - returning 422 (instead of 500) when query hits `max_chunks_per_query` limit with block storage. #3937

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [BUGFIX] Querier: returning 422 (instead of 500) when query hits `max_chunks_per_query` limit with block storage, when the limit is hit in the store-gateway. #3937
```
